Make `KedroContext` a frozen dataclass (#1465)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

## Bug fixes and other changes
* Removed fatal error from being logged when a Kedro session is created in a directory without git.

> * `KedroContext` is now an `attrs`'s dataclass and `config_loader` is available as public attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `KedroContext` is now an `attrs`'s frozen class and `config_loader` is available as public attribute.
```
